Update face-detection-adas-0001.md (#1224)
opencv/open_model_zoo: models/intel/face-detection-adas-0001/description/face-detection-adas-0001.md

## Outputs

1. The net outputs blob with shape: [1, 1, N, 7], where N is the number of detected

>    bounding boxes. The results are sorted by confidence decrease. For each detection, the description has the format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   bounding boxes. The results are sorted by confidence in decreasing order. For each detection, the description has the format:
```
